Acd 843 (#63)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Payments/UserInterface/01a_ListAuthorizations.md

[!!Monitor authorizations](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md)

# LIST (Authorizations)

> 

Reviewer: *Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST*

![LIST (Authorizations)](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/LISTAuthorizations.png "[LIST (Authorizations)]")

**Authorizations**

- *VIEW*  
    Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view.   

    - ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points)      
        Click this button to the right of the *View* drop-down list to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

        - ![Create](../../Assets/Icons/Plus06.png "[Create]") create  
            Click this entry to create a view. The *Create view* window is displayed, see [Create view](#create-view).

        - ![Rename](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Rename]") rename  

>             Click this entry to rename the selected view. The *Rename view* window is displayed, see [Rename view](#rename-view). This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

Reviewer: Zu Passiv habe ich das gefunden: https://actindo.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/96927782/Additional+guidelines
Use passive voice when talking about windows, tabs, views etc. For example, a window is closed, a view is displayed but never a tab closes, or a tab appears.

Ich weiß, was du denkst, aber ich finde es umständlich, jetzt Varianten hinzufügen. Wir müssen uns es gut überlegen. Das kommt Tausende Mal vor...

>             Click this entry to rename the selected view. The *Rename view* window is displayed, see [Rename view](#rename-view). This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

Author: ```suggestion
            Click this entry to rename the selected view. The *Rename view* window is displayed, see [Rename view](#rename-view). This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected
```

>         <!---- Eintrag gibt es nicht mehr [Reset](../../Assets/Icons/Reset.png "[Reset]") reset  

Reviewer: Ich weiß, es kommt nicht immer vor, aber das bedeutet nicht unbedingt, dass es nicht mehr gibt. Hast du mit Stefan das geklärt? Ist es so nur bei Payments oder auch woanders?

            Click this entry to reset all unsaved changes to the settings of the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected and any changes have been made to the view settings.--->

        - ![Publish](../../Assets/Icons/Publish.png "[Publish]") publish  

>             Click this entry to publish the view. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected an unpublished view. As long as you have not published a view, your views are visible for you only.

Author: ja, hatten wir mit Julian geklärt

        - ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish.png "[Unpublish]") unpublish  

>             Click this entry to unpublish the view so that it is visible only to you again. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected and published a view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            **Click this entry to unpublish the view so that it is visible only to you again**. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected and published a view.
```
Ist es so? Visible for you only vs. visible für andere Mitarbeiter? Hast du das mit Stefan geklärt? Wenn ja, sollten wir das mal aufschreiben und die Änderungen durchgängig machen (VIEW Menü kommt in anderen Modulen vor).

        - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
            Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

            > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ```

Reviewer: Achte bitte auf das Spacing

- *Connections*   
    Click the drop-down list to select a connection. The following options are available:
    - **All connections**  
        Select this option to display authorization transactions for all configured connections. 
    - **Connection name**  
        Select this option to display authorization transactions for the selected connection. When a specific connection has been selected, the **All connections** option is no longer displayed. Click the selected connection again to deselect it.  

> - [x]     

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [x]     
```
Leerzeile fehlt

Reviewer: Diese Info würde ich weiter unten packen (unten der Symbole Search, Filter, usw.) zusammen mit den Schaltflächen, die vorkommen, wenn angeklickt (also, Editing toolbar).

Reviewer: Diese Info würde ich weiter unten packen (unten der Symbole Search, Filter, usw.) zusammen mit den Schaltflächen, die vorkommen, wenn angeklickt (also, Editing toolbar).

>     Select the checkbox to the left of one list entry to display the editing toolbar for this single entry.   

Reviewer: Das stimmt nicht ganz. Einige Schaltflächen kommen nur vor, wenn ein Eintrag ausgewählt ist, andere wenn mehrere, i.e. einige Handlungen kann man gleichzeitig bei mehreren Einträgen durchführen, andere nicht.
Übrigens fehlt die Beschreibung der Buttons (Editing toolbar) -> CAPTURE, CANCEL, VOID

    If you click the checkbox in the header, all entries in the list are selected. The editing toolbar shows all actions you can perform on several entries.

> - ![Search](../../Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- ![Search](../../Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)   
```
Leerzeile

>     Click this button to display the search bar and search for entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for authorizations.
```

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   

>     Click this button to update the entries.

Author: ```suggestion
    Click this button to update thelist of authorization transactions.
```

> 

Reviewer: CAPTURE
CANCEL
VOID

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and to customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.   

>     > [Info] It is recommended to add the following columns to your view to get the required information and to better filter and sort the entries: Status ID, Status information (if applicable). 

Reviewer: Ich bin mir nicht sicher, dass Status ID dem Kunden weiterhilft:
![image](https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/assets/99268392/9f8b461b-2634-4893-ab56-7fce2ed3af1e)
Wie viele Status sind möglich? Ich sehe nur "Failure" (Id 4) und "Success" (Id 3). Also, wenn man die Status Spalte hat, gibt die Status ID Spalte keine weitere Info. Status Information finde ich praktischer. Evtl. kannst du Stefan nach Tips fragen, was empfehlenswert ist.

Author: Ist schon geklärt mit Stefan

>     > [Info] It is recommended to add the following columns to your view to get the required information and to better filter and sort the entries: Status ID, Status information (if applicable). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    > [Info] It is recommended to add the following columns to your view to get the required information and to better filter and sort the entries: Status ID, Status information (if applicable). 
```

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

> 

Reviewer: Hier würde ich dann die [x] (checkbox) und Buttons (editing toolbar) hinzufügen.

The list displays all authorization transactions. Depending on the payment service provider, the displayed columns vary. All fields are read-only. The following standard columns are available.
<!----Hallo Stefan, hier sollten alle Standard-Felder mit Erklärungen stehen, ist die Liste vollständig?--->
- *Charges intended use*   
   Purpose of the fee   
- *Original currency*   
   Currency in which the product(s) were paid   
- *Original currency amount*   
   Invoice amount in the original currency   

> 

Reviewer: Für die Standardspalten und Info kannst du generell in deinem Sandbox gucken, z.B.:
![image](https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/assets/99268392/d17c86cf-45a8-4bda-91b3-142ca8805f80)
Es sieht aber sehr ähnlich aus wie bei NoE. Frag mal am Besten Stefan, aber in der Regel, beschreiben wir bis ID, Created/Modified At + die Angezeigte, und alle, die ein Attribute sind beschreiben wir unter generell mit einem Eintrag als "Attribute name"... (z.B. aus Fulfillment, Omni-Channel)
![image](https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/assets/99268392/106d589c-28f2-4718-abeb-39feeb12ba31)

> 

Reviewer: ## Authorization
Pfad
Screenshot

*Authorization "Authorization ID"*
Back
CLOSE

Diese Info fehlt.

Reviewer: Ist das erledigt? Dann bitte auf Resolve conversation klicken.

## Authorizations &ndash; Attributes

> *Payments > Payments and Captures > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Attributes*   

Author: die einzelnen Einträge sind die Transaktionen, alles zusammen die Authorizations

> *Payments > Payments and Captures > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Attributes*   

Author: ```suggestion
*Payments > Payments and Captures > Tab LIST > Select an authorization transaction > Tab Attributes*   
```

> 

Reviewer: *Authorization "Authorization ID"*
Back
CLOSE

Diese Info fehlt.

![LIST &ndash; Attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationAttributes.png "[LIST &ndash; Attributes]")

In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the authorization transaction contains attributes that are not assigned, the *Unassigned group* attribute group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.

- ![Folders](../../Assets/Icons/Folders01.png "[Folders]") (Folders)  
    Attribute group that contains attribute sub-groups. Click the attribute group or the arrow left to the attribute group to expand the group and to display the attribute sub-groups. The following sub-groups are available:
    - *[Payment service provider] Incoming Payment Base Data*   
      This folder contains attributes that are specific for the payment service provider who has sent this authorization ticket.
    - *Incoming Payment Base Data*   
      This folder contains general fields that Actindo needs to query payments data. These data support standard functions of Actindo. 

> 

Reviewer: Sind diese Ordner immer da oder ist es variabel, abhängig von Treiber? Gibt es andere Möglichkeiten? Evtl. kann man etwas wie "The following sub-groups are available by default:" schreiben.

Author: das wäre doppelt gemoppel

- ![Folder](../../Assets/Icons/Folder01.png "[Folder]") (Folder)  
    Attribute group. Click the attribute group to display all attributes that are assigned to the selected attribute group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab.

The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the selected attribute group, the displayed fields may vary. The attributes are imported by the payment service provider driver. All fields are read-only.

> 

Reviewer: (Collapse/Expand) Button fehlt

Author: Gibt es nicht

## Authorizations &ndash; Dependencies

> *Payments > Menu entry > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Dependencies*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Dependencies*
```
ticket/transaction (s.o.)

> *Payments > Menu entry > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Dependencies*

Author: ```suggestion
*Payments > Menu entry > Tab LIST > Select an authorization transaction > Tab Dependencies*
```

![Dependencies](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationDependencies.png "[Dependencies]")   

> 

Reviewer: Könnte es geben? Bitte mit Stefan klären. Das habe ich ursprünglich auch in Fulfillment gedacht...
Wenn nötig, kannst du die Beschreibung zu Standard UI von Fulfillment oder Omni-Channels kopieren.

Author: schon mit Stefan geklärt

Since an authorization ticket has no dependencies to other entities in Actindo by default, this sub-tab is not relevant.

## Authorizations &ndash; Logs   

*Payments > Menu entry > Tab LIST > Select an entry > Tab Logs*   

![Logs](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationLogs.png "[Logs]")

This tab displays messages and intents that have been created during transferring the selected authorization transaction from the payment service provider.    

> In contrast to the messages that are provided with the *Logging* menu entry, you see here the logging for the specific authorization transaction only. See [LIST (Logging)](./07a_ListLogging) for detailed information on fields and functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the messages that are provided with the *Logging* menu entry, you see here the logging for the specific authorization transaction only. See [LIST (Logging)](./07a_ListLogging.md) for detailed information on fields and functions.
```

## Create view

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/LIST/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*   
    Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the new view and display it in the *VIEW* drop-down list. The *Create view* window is closed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This window can also be accessed via the following tabs in the user interface:
- (Link zu UI Kapitel, wo das auch vorkommt)#
- (...)
```
Falls zutreffend, aber ich gehe davon aus, da es mehrere VIEW Menüs gibt.

Author: Das hatte ich schon mal gemacht, Hannah hat aber gesagt, dass ich das nicht darf

Reviewer: ??? Wir fügen immer backlinks ein.

Author: Done

## Rename view

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry rename*

![Rename view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/LIST/RenameView.png "[Rename view]")

- *Name*   
    Click this field to edit the view name.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel renaming the view. The *Rename view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the changes and display the new name in the *VIEW* drop-down list. The *Rename view* window is closed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This window can also be accessed via the following tabs in the user interface:
- (Link zu UI Kapitel, wo das auch vorkommt)#
- (...)
```
Falls zutreffend, aber ich gehe davon aus, da es mehrere VIEW Menüs gibt.

Author: das hatte ich schon gemacht Hannah hat aber gesagt , dass ich das nicht darf

Reviewer: s.o.

Author: done

[!!Monitor authorizations](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md)

# LIST (Authorizations)

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST*

![LIST (Authorizations)](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/LISTAuthorizations.png "[LIST (Authorizations)]")

**Authorizations**

- *VIEW*  
    Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view.   

    - ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points)      
        Click this button to the right of the *View* drop-down list to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

        - ![Create](../../Assets/Icons/Plus06.png "[Create]") create  
            Click this entry to create a view. The *Create view* window is displayed, see [Create view](#create-view).

        - ![Rename](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Rename]") rename  

>             Click this entry to rename the selected view. The *Rename view* window is displayed, see [Rename view](#rename-view). This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

Author: ```suggestion
            Click this entry to rename the selected view. The *Rename view* window is displayed, see [Rename view](#rename-view). This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected
```

> [!!Monitor authorizations](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!!Manage authorizations](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md)
```

Author: Es ist ein Monitoring

# LIST (Authorizations)

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST*

![LIST (Authorizations)](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/LISTAuthorizations.png "[LIST (Authorizations)]")

**Authorizations**

- *VIEW*  
    Click the drop-down list to select the view. All created views are displayed in the drop-down list. Click the ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points) button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu and create a view.   

    - ![Points](../../Assets/Icons/Points01.png "[Points]") (Points)      

>         Click this button to the right of the *View* drop-down list to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Click this button to the right of the *VIEW* drop-down list to display the context menu. The following menu entries are available:
```

        - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
            Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.

            > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if you have selected a view.
 

- *Connections*   
    Click the drop-down list to select a connection. The following options are available:
    - **All connections**  
        Select this option to display authorization transactions for all configured connections. 
    - **Connection name**  
        Select this option to display authorization transactions for the selected connection. When a specific connection has been selected, the **All connections** option is no longer displayed. Click the selected connection again to deselect it.  

> 

Reviewer: Abweichungen zwischen Omni-Channel und Fulfillment.

- ![Search](../../Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)   
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for authorization transactions.   

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of authorization transactions.   

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and to customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.   

>     > [Info] It is recommended to add the following columns to your view to get the required information and to better filter and sort the entries: Status ID, Status information (if applicable).    

Reviewer: Diese Info gehört eher in Operation. Hier geht es in erster Linie um die reine Beschreibung der UI Elemente (mit Links zu Integration/Operation, wenn nötig). Info und Caution Boxes sind hier eher selten.

Author: Done

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.  

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to the left of one list entry to display the editing toolbar for this single entry.   

>     If you click the checkbox in the header, all entries in the list are selected. The editing toolbar shows all actions you can perform on several entries.

Reviewer: "all actions you can perform on several entries" -> Das stimmt nicht ganz. Nicht alle Buttons werden immer angezeigt. Einige Actions kann man nur mit einem Eintrag durchführen (also, nur Auswahl eines Checkboxs möglich), einige mit mehreren gleichzeitig. 
Hier z.B.:
1 Checkbox -> CAPTURE, CANCEL, VOID
2 Checkboxen -> CAPTURE, CANCEL
3 Checkboxen -> CAPTURE; CANCEL

- [CAPTURE]   

>    Click this button to capture the transaction manually, so that the order process can be continued. For detailed information, see [Capture authorization transaction](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md#capture-authorization-transaction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Click this button to capture the transaction manually, so that the order process can be continued. For detailed information, see [Capture authorization transaction](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md#capture-authorization-transaction).
```

- [CANCEL]   
   Click this button to cancel the transaction manually, so that the order is cancelled both at Actindo and at the payment service provider. For detailed information, see [Cancel authorization transaction](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md#cancel-authorization-transaction).

- [VOID]   

>   Click this button to disable the transaction for the Actindo database. For detailed information, see [Void authorization transaction](../Operation/01_ManageAuthorizations.md#void-authorization-transaction).

Reviewer: disable -> invalidate ?

Zutreffende Änderungen in Terminologie bei anderen Kapiteln (Integration/Operation) bitte durchgängig vornehmen.

Author: Done

The list displays all authorization transactions. Depending on the payment service provider, the displayed columns vary. All fields are read-only. The following standard columns are available:

- *External ID*   
   ID given by the payment service provider.

- *Original reference*   
   Reference to the authorization transaction. You can use this reference to follow up one payment over the whole process.

- *Transaction date*   
   Date on which the transaction has been created by the payment service provider.

- *Status*   

>    Status text.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Transaction status.  / Description of the transaction status. The following options are available:
     - Preparing
       ...
     - Unconfirmed  
       ... 
```

Author: TBeschreibung geändert. Vorhandene Status stehen unter Status ID direkt darunter.

- *Status ID*   

>    Identifier for the status. The following statuses are available, each prefixed by the ID in the list below. You can use the *Status ID* to filter and sort the list. 

Reviewer: Ich würde Status und Status ID separat halten, aber nacheinander beschreiben, wie hier und in Operation, so ist es auch deutlich. Genau genommen, ist Status Preparing, Unconfirmed usw. und nicht 1 - Preparing, 2 - Unconfirmed... So wird es auch in der jeweiligen Spalten angezeigt.

Author: Man sollte nicht zwei mal untereinander die gleiche Information schreiben

> -   - **1 - Preparing**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **1**  
```
In der Beschreibung des Status ID 1 ergänzen, dass dieser zum Preparing Status gehört.

Author: Die Leser verstehen das glaube ich auch so.

        The transaction has been created, but is not yet transferred.
    - **2 - Unconfirmed**   
        A refund is reserved but not yet released by an Actindo user. 
    - **3 - Success**  
        Actindo has got the response from the service payment provider that the transfer was successful.
    - **4 - Failure**   
        The payment service provider has received the request, but it cannot process it. If available for the connection, the status information field may provide further information.
    - **5 - Error**   
       Errors have been occurred during transfer.
    - **6 - Void**   
       The transaction has been voided, see [Void an authorization transaction](01_ManageAuthorizations.md#void-an-authorization-transaction).

- *Connection*   

>    Name of the Connection. Note that this is the customer-specific name that has been given the connection. For detailed information, see [Establish connections to payment service providers (PSP)](../Integration/01_EstablishConnection.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Name of the connection. Note that this is the customer-specific name that has been given the connection. For detailed information, see [Manage connections to payment service providers (PSP)](../Integration/01_ManageConnection.md).
```

Author: Done

- *Created by*   

>    User name of the person or API who has created the transaction. Can be a real user or an API user.

Author: Done

>    User name of the person or API who has created the transaction. Can be a real user or an API user.

Author: done

- *Modified by*   

>    User name of the person or API who has changed the transaction. Can be a real user or an API user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Username of the person or API who has changed the transaction. Can be a real user or an API user.
```
Wir haben die empfohlene Variante (ein Wort) von Merriam Webster genommen: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/username

Author: Done

- *ID*   

>    Actino unique identifier of the transaction.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Actindo unique identifier of the transaction.   
```

Author: Done. Eine ID muss nicht zwingend eine Nummer sein.

     
- *Type*   
   Kind of the displayed transaction, in this case an authorization transaction.  

- *Connection ID*   
   Connection identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.    

> - *Created At*   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Created at*   
```
Ich weiß, im UI ist es groß, aber vgl. mit Created on... Also, wir versuchen hier die Texte "richtig"/konsistent anzugeben.

Author: done

>    Date and time, on which the payment service provider has created the transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Date and time on which the payment service provider has created the transaction. 
```
Ist das wirklich so, dass es das Datum von Erstellung der Erstellung seitens PSP? Ich meine, wir schreiben normalerweise "Date and time of the creation". Es ist vague, aber auch "sicher".

> - *Modified At*   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Modified at*   
```

Author: Done

>    Date and time, on which the payment service provider has modified the transaction.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Date and time on which the payment service provider has modified the transaction.  
```
Alternativ: Date and time of the last modification.

Author: Done

- *Currency*   
   Currency in which the payment will be posted.  

- *Amount*   
   Invoice amount of the payment in the currency in which the payment will be posted.   

- *Reference currency*   
  Currency of the original payment. 

- *Reference amount*   

>    Currency of the original payment. Makes it possible that the accounting can post the payment to the correct currency account so that a refund later do not lead to currency differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Invoice amount of the original payment. This allows the *Accounting* module to post the payment to the correct currency account so that a refund later do not lead to currency exchange differences.
```
Ich vermute, es geht um die currency exchange differences. Es gibt ein Konto, wo die evtl. Unterschiede gebucht werden, denn es wird fast immer einen Unterschied im Betrag (umgerechnet) zwischen Bezahldatum und Refund-Datum wegen Wechselkursunterschiede. Stefan erklärt das im Video, ich habe es aber nicht mehr genau im Kopf. Evtl. mit ihm nochmals checken.

Author: Habe ich schon mit Stefan geklärt

- *Name*   

>    First name of the person who has made the payment.   

Reviewer: payment oder transaction? Ich denke auch an die anderen Menüpunkte.

Author: payment

- *Surname*   
   Last name of the person who has made the payment.   

- *Company*   
   Name of the company on whose behalf the payment was made.   

- *Address*   
   Street and house number of the address.<!---Straße und Hausnummer? oder konkatenierte Adresse? -->     

-  *Postal code*   
   Zip code of the address.    

- *City*   
   City of the address.    

- *State*   
   State of the address.    

- *Country*   
   Country of the address.   

- *Charges amount*   
   Amount of the fee.    

- *Charges currency*   
   Currency of the fee.      

- *Charges other*   
   Other fees.     

- *Reference*   
   Mostly, depending on the payment service provider, the order number.

- *Intented use*   
   In general, depending on the payment service provider, a further description of the transaction.

- *Charges intended use*   
   Description of the fee, for example transaction fee.

> - *Booking date*   

Reviewer: Booking ist sicherlich die Übersetzung für Buchung. In Buchhaltung haben wir alle Buchungen/Buchen usw. zu Posting/Post... Ich würde es hier auch ändern, auch wenn im UI noch "falsch" steht. Auch bitte die Terminologie Excel dementsprechend aktualisieren.

   Date on which the payment was posted.   

- *Due date*  
   If applicable, date on which the payment is to be collected.

- *Payment method*   
   The way of payment that the customer has chosen, for example, credit card, PayPal&trade;, direct debit.   

- *Status information*   
   If applicable, specific information on the status of the transaction.  

- *Internal reference*   

>    Actindo specific reference back to the document in the billing document.

Reviewer: "back to the document in the billing document" --> back to the billing document? Oder ist es Doppel aus einem Grund?

Author: Done

- *Original currency*   
   Currency in which the product(s) were paid.   

- *Original currency amount*   
   Invoice amount in the original currency.   

> ## Authorizations

Author: Done

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Select an authorization transaction*

![Authorization ID](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationAttributes.png "[Authorization ID]")

> **Authorization transaction "Authorization ID"**

Author: Done

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Authorization "Authorization ID"* view and return to the list of authorizations. 

> ## Authorizations &ndash; Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authorization &ndash; Attributes
```

Author: Donme

![Attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationAttributes.png "[Attributes]")

In the left margin column, all available attribute groups are displayed. Click a group to display the attributes that are assigned to this group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab. If the authorization transaction contains attributes that are not assigned, the *Unassigned group* attribute group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.

- ![Folders](../../Assets/Icons/Folders01.png "[Folders]") (Folders)  
    Attribute group that contains attribute sub-groups. Click the attribute group or the arrow left to the attribute group to expand the group and to display the attribute sub-groups. The following sub-groups are available:
    - *[Payment service provider] Incoming Payment Base Data*   
      This folder contains attributes that are specific for the payment service provider who has sent this authorization ticket.
    - *Incoming Payment Base Data*   
      This folder contains general attributes that Actindo needs to query payments data. These data support standard functions of Actindo.  

>     - *Unassigned Group*   

Reviewer: Das wird oben erwähnt (If the authorization transaction contains attributes that are not assigned, the *Unassigned group* attribute group is automatically displayed in the left margin column.) und es kann sein, dass es nicht immer vorkommt (wenn es keine Unassigned attributes gibt). Ich vermute, die Ordner, die angezeigt werden, sind treiberabhängig. Ich finde an sich nicht schlecht, aber es wäre sinnvoll Stefan zu fragen, was standardmäßig vorkommt. Bisher immer so vague gelassen, da es von der Verbindung/vom Treiber abhängt (auch wie die Ordner heißen).

Author: Hatte Stefan schon gefragt

    Attribute group. Click the attribute group to display all attributes that are assigned to the selected attribute group on the right side of the *Attributes* tab.

The right side of the *Attributes* tab displays all attributes that are assigned to the selected group in the left margin column. Depending on the selected attribute group, the displayed fields may vary. The attributes are imported by the payment service provider driver. All fields are read-only.   

- ![Collapse/Expand](../../Assets/Icons/CollapseExpand01.png "[Collapse/Expand]") (Collapse/Expand)    
    Click this button to collapse or expand the left margin column with the attribute groups. When the left margin is expanded and you click this button, the column is collapsed. When the column is collapsed and you click this button, the column is expanded. This is available for the *Unassigned Group* folder only.

## Authorizations &ndash; Dependencies  

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Select an authorization ticket > Tab Dependencies*

![Dependencies](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationDependencies.png "[Dependencies]")   

> Since a authorization transaction has no dependencies to other entities in Actindo by default, this sub-tab is not relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since an authorization transaction has no dependencies to other entities in Actindo by default, this sub-tab is not relevant.
```
Im Wissenstransfer Video (20230510) erklärt er, dass es geben könnte... (z.B. über DataHub Exporter). Trotzdem sinnvoll die Standard Beschreibung hinzuzufügen?

Author: Ich denke schon

> ## Authorizations &ndash; Logs   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authorization &ndash; Logs   
```

> *Payments > Authorization > Tab LIST > Select an entry > Tab Logs*   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Payments > Authorization > Tab LIST > Select an authorization transaction > Tab Logs*   
```

Author: Done

![Logs](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/Authorizations/AuthorizationLogs.png "[Logs]")

This tab displays messages and intents that have been created during transferring the selected authorization transaction from the payment service provider.    
In contrast to the messages that are provided with the *Logging* menu entry, you see here the logging for the specific authorization transaction only. See [LIST (Logging)](./07a_ListLogging.md) for detailed information on fields and functions.

## Create view

*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry create*

![Create view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Payments/LIST/CreateView.png "[Create view]")

- *Name*   
    Enter a name for the view.

- [CANCEL]   
    Click this button to cancel creating a view. The *Create view* window is closed.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the new view and display it in the *VIEW* drop-down list. The *Create view* window is closed.

## Rename view

> *Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry "rename"*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry "rename"*
```
```suggestion
*Payments > Authorizations > Tab LIST > Button Points > Menu entry rename*
```

Author: done
